When a guy called Pelon Tusk decided to put a computer chip in people, he had no idea what it would cause. People were able to stream Netflix and shop on Amazon right in 
front of their eyes. It got out of hand, though, when people started seeing unskippable advertisements. What's worse? Malicious hackers started hacking into people's minds!
Pelon Tusk was confused, he had no idea how to stop this. After a lot of deliberation, he decided to put a stop to this insanity. Pelon Tusk frantically shut down the 
main servers in his facility. As he logged on to his computer to kill the program, he saw that all his files on the computer were corrupted. His hands were sweating as he 
repeatedly tried to enter commands to shut down the massive problem he had started. He started to skim through all the files on the computer and 
his eyes widened with shock when he saw something that blew his mind...

It was an email from his idol Elon Musk! Elon Musk claimed to have been behind all this corruption on files, as a way of getting back at Pelon for stealing his idea! The next
day, this huge controversy was leaked to the press. Apparently, Elon had been developing this idea for years, but Pelon hired a Russian hacker to drain the files from Elon's
development team, and used them to claim this invention as his own. Pelon's life came undone in a few days, as he fashed severe backlash from the media and teh press. As he got
ready on the morning of his court date, his sister walked into the room saying, "Pelon wait! I know how to prove your innocence..".

By getting an access to the old employees of Elon's company. The idea was orignally discovered by Pelon several years ago, when he was working with Elon. Pelon wanted that
whatevever he discovered should get patent by his own name. Elon was not happy with this idea, and also he was under influence of some Russians who were ready to buy this
information on huge amount. But due to some misunderstandings between the two, Elon fired Pelon from his company and was barred from accessing any of his data. Elon was aware of
the fact that he could easily get access of Pelon's information from his copany's ex-employees. So actually Elon hacked into his own invention.  
